BUG: Don't cast categorical nan to int (#28438)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.0.0.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^

- Added test to assert the :func:`fillna` raises the correct ValueError message when the value isn't a value from categories (:issue:`13628`)

> - Bug in :meth:`astype` where ``nans`` were handled incorrectly when casting to int (:issue:`28406`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`Categorical.astype` where ``NaN`` values were handled incorrectly when casting to int (:issue:`28406`)
```
